<h2>[HP-1.0]</h2>


<h2>Standard Halcyoninae Protective 1.0 License</h2>


<h2>  — This is a source-available permissive license —</h2>


 

_Copyright © 2021 Jack Meng_

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==Please read this licensing carefully.==</span>**

Any modification in any means, including the usage of the program by any end-user, is considered the agreement to this EULA and licensing. 

<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Your agreement to the EULA states that you acknowledge and pledge the following:</span>



1. This program may contain bugs. This means it is you, the END USER's responsibility to back up your data in whatever means possible.
2. The author and right holder will not guarantee compatibility with your system
3. The right holder and author do not bear any form of damages, corruption, financial and commercial affiliations:

**_THE SOFTWARE AND ALL SUBSETS ARE PROVIDED” AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND _**

**_INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. _**

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==Copyright==</span>**



* All related intellectual property to this program, that the above right holder creates, is in the rights of that Right Holder.
* All subsiding plugins, add-ons, and resources made by third-party vendors have their separate vendors.
* Libraries used by this program will have their attributed right holders, either as open source or closed.

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==General Concepts==</span>**

The end user, YOU, are not allowed in any way or form to modify this said LICENSE.

YOU are prohibited from altering any binaries generated by the original vendor.

Decompilation of binaries to generic decompiled source code without direct representation of this original license and copyright notices is prohibited. All forms of the linking, dynamic, static, class path, source, object, and compilation, of this library, must fall under the following jurisdictions. This is the usage of flow from a third party to this software. A plugin or a performance of the interface, where the program links a third party, does not have to use this license unless the plugin of sorts uses any form of this library. Both compiled and un/decompiled sources must reproduce this license exactly as it was published.

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==Distribution & Usage==</span>**

The ability to download, install, and utilize any kind of device belonging to that is allowed.

The ability to distribute the compiled binaries and un/decompiled source code under this same license, the same files either generated by the binaries themselves or pre-installed) It MUST be preserved. Along with this, the distributor or vendor site of the source for the distributed copy; in this case, the origin of this program, either via some kind of link or some kind of verbal dictation or visual cue that clearly shows to the [end-user where it is from].

Commercial distribution is allowed under that you MUST distribute it without any kind of royalty, without fees, and with the same license, copyright notices, and modification statements as stated in these license docs.

The distribution of any subsiding plugins, add-ons, and/or assets for the program must be done under this same license.

All forms of the program including decompiled source code, binaries, link libraries, text files, and resource files must be recognizable and have distinct representations of their origin. If in the form of non-binary, the file MUST contain this same license header.

It is prohibited to distribute this program in the hopes of financial gains either casually, in government interest, or educationally.



*  This program's organization name, right holder, software name, and other aspects of the program are not allowed to be used by third-party software to endorse this program without any form of written consent.
* Including this software's right holder is necessary when crediting this software, BUT may only appear as crediting and not in the description of third-party software.

   

All types of linking this software to another either dynamic, static, or directly are under the preservation of this license 

(without _classpath exception_ to any kind).

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==Source Availability==</span>**

Any modification to the Source Code MUST be stated with clarity and shall not be mixed with other notices.

Modification of the documentation, including legal documentation, of the program is prohibited.

Distribution of source code without any form of strict documentation of its parent origin is prohibited.

Distribution of source code must be made PUBLICLY with the following:



1. Same license (this license)
2. Modifications to the original documented
3. Your information regarding your acknowledgment of this license
4. A copy of the source code.

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">==Addendum==</span>**

You're the vendor who decides to distribute (not publish) your copy of this software from the original

source code must use this license and is prohibited to use any other license. 

If you are to redistribute a program that only links in any fashion to this program, you are to directly state this 

license ahead of time; this means shall be displayed not in the documentation but the compiled software.

Source Code must be freely (without any royalties, fees, and restrictions) distributed using this and ONLY this license.

All subsequent redistributions of this program in any form must reproduce the following types of files from the original

vendor if present:



1.     VENDOR_LICENSE (this)
2.     SOURCE_CODE_LICENSE (VENDOR & Third Party Libraries found in LICENSE.txt)
3.     VENDOR_README (original README from the vendor)
4.     RSC (all original resources present from the original vendor)
5.     SOURCE_CODE_BLOB (the image of the source code from when your distribution deviated from)
